Doc: Equipment reports (#2795)
hove-io/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/apis.md

The journeys can only use allowed vehicle journeys (as present in the `public_transport` or `on_demand_transport` sections).
They also can only use the allowed stop points for getting in or out of a vehicle (as present in the `street_network`, `transfer` and `crow_fly` sections).

> For filtering vehicle journeys, the identifier of a line, route, commercial mode, physical mode or network can be used.

Reviewer: Is that correct? I know you didn't write it but shouldn't it be 'To filter vehicle journeys' ?

Author: ```suggestion
To filter vehicle journeys, the identifier of a line, route, commercial mode, physical mode or network can be used.
```
